aar elite team reporting here we are killing the son of the enlightened 7
that is trying to destroy for the tenth time what city I have with an eyelet
the size of the moon the fucking is using his father's ifa to
protect yourself and I'm very disgusted to take it off so it's giving us
our beating calls for reinforcements
chair yachts cars pib seven fucking the uterine balls itebis
india bossy elites dorados and blancos to help you powerful and leave
shit
aarp is not necessary to measure my feelings damn bitch
combat
yours
Wait, he has already realized how he fucks him if the soldier up there
check that radioactive semen on the other list for a moment with the
lit 7
but look you have to be very nasty for hunter to read it fa of the pope or asia
what a disgust
even if you're right shut up bitch I need more firepower to
destroy the motherfucker this
hahaj just what I needed shut up with point
he would kill them all for making them suffer so much he did not do anything to anyone
do not be stupid
that with metal no one gets
metallic a shit your father's wallet is a metallic shit is the
milk, I'm not milk
good that you're the milk you're pretty close rather you
you are in milk
dies jajajajajaja current to descend in tico plasma does not do anything ha ha ha ha
soldier son bitch shoot him with tunisia harvard and activated that
and on the wrong horse me and I did 11 11 h
I do not understand you but keep it up I will not be afraid of the word
ajajaja
here the troop elite work finished we fuck reggaeton stash son of the
a thousand whales of the illuminated 7
So if I forget, I was eating a tamalito and I was not putting
Attention
fighter combat yours
That matrix today chocolate milk is a bitch that is very different
move fucking son of a thousand whores
sos brother said bitch I just killed
bags the fucking mom aeci
yours
Shut up both of you that something white and thick comes from inside the west eye
for artemio ardura was that
if I do not take off for sale to the cap
dish network robotic floating robotic corp that just happened
the miracle of life the lefa of the diploma 7 was discarded
and went into the eye and pregnancy to the shit ring
now the ring family found out and they cure describe everything with their huge
fucking power
and what can we do
suck me a bit fucking bitch
the pp passes cursed motherfucker
if you must know how to stop all this herd
good is not easy
an abortion that simple
and how we do it
if that shit is huge
noted we have communication with a ship in the form of seeing intestinal gas
Kurds
sir here speaks the fucking master leave it parrita and pulled pa'bajo
but what the fuck
soldier can tell me why the fuck is in a giant dildo
I'm going to perform an abortion